{"\ufeffTranscript\nApril 29, 2025, 2:02PM\n\nZain Master started transcription\n\nZain Master   0:03\nEverybody, the purpose of this meeting is to talk about and understand and formulate plans on how to make sure that we can increase the confidence of our.\nReleases going out to customers, right? As we understand most of our products are impacted by a level of customizations that involve very specific customer setups and implementations.\nSo while the product is able to perform a level of testing, there needs to be that next level of testing that is performed in specific to that customer's implementation and that specific environment. Many times as we've seen, we've gotten a release out there only to have it.\nImpacted either by product score functionality that needs to be compatible with a implementation, or the implementation side of the House.\nThat's incompatible with product and then that gets us into this wonderful spiral of trying to continually address.\nThe issue and release after release after release after release going down the line, ******* off customers ******* off internal people because then we're working way too many hours.\nThen we were supposed to. So the idea here is to propose and come up with ways on how do we not do this again, right?\nBecause I'm sure the last three weeks have been fun for all of us and it's something that we should aspire not to do again.\nAnd this is where I believe there needs to be cross collaboration between both sides of the House.\nWhere there's the solution sensor side of the house that understands the implementations the best and also the core product side of the house that can do a level of testing.\nTo even complement some of the set testing that's required on the solution center side of the House.\nSo what you all saw in the meeting notes that I shared with this meeting is my research and thoughts into what could possibly happen here to help out. And I sat down with Peter Lafferman to come up with these ideas and to better understand the current testing. What?\nMissing where?\nSome of the gaps and So what the ideas represents and the action items represent are.\nThings that we could do.\nIn order to get better and improve one internal confidence of the release and two external acceptance of the release, because that's what we're driven by is we want, we want customers to all upgrade at the same time, we do not want them to be going off on differe.\nSilos, which makes it really a pain and hassle for Dev OPS and then us to later upgrade them into a whole bunch of ways. They're different than what we planned to.\nSo I'm going to stop talking now and share the screen to start the conversation that I feel is what needs to drive this meeting at the end of the day though, what I would like to see is.\nOne agreement or new ideas?\nThat we can think about in order to again achieve that goal of improving confidence internally and also improving acceptance and adoptability of the of the release by external customers.\nSo.\nI can go down these steps of action items one by one and we can discuss if this is something that we want to do.\nWe have the capabilities to do and which house it lives in, or we can have a different conversation, which is people can say.\nOther ideas?\nI am going to shut up now.\n\nLukas Kawulok   3:51\nWhich are there, but I think what we need to also discuss that.\nFirst release, which was totally failure and be A to rollback everything we did in all way. Then we had new way into waves.\nIt was something new for question.\nDo you want to again make a releases into waves?\nSecond questions in when you were doing securities, there was bigger participation in testing from solution center.\nI believe so.\nThis is something where you want to do in future again, even its ultimate.\nHolly, but this is also something what we maybe for some of us it is OK.\nWe will do it again, future for sure, but maybe for some of us it is OK.\nThis was one time agreement, but we need to agree if we will do it also in future.\nMy thing is yes, but also I think this is something we need to cover.\n\nZain Master   4:46\nSo I'm going to answer the wave question, Stephen.\nI don't know if you have an opinion, but I do like the wave idea.\nIt does help one with.\nUs understanding if there are issues immediately that we are not exposing to our larger set of customers.\nSo, you know, keeping the 8020 rule in mind, 80% of our revenue comes from 20% of the customers and that 20% of customers is the last wave that goes out. So keeping them a little bit more protective.\nLess issues coming in. Less escalations is definitely an idea that has helped out in my opinion, but I'm open to agreement from the rest of the group as well.\n\nStephen Pack   5:30\nI I just.\nYeah, I think the wave is a good idea from a risk management perspective. We have to be careful with how that gets communicated to customers because you know, especially if one of those big customers is really eagerly waiting a feature in a release and we say don't worry.\nThe release is coming this date.\nIt's, you know, challenging.\nIf it's oh, well for you. It's a week later. We just need to make sure that that message gets gets clear. Yeah.\n\nZain Master   5:51\nYep.\n\nLukas Kawulok   5:57\nI don't know what to be answering my questions, but I think this was disaster Vijay. I never have seen CPQ before.\n\nTerry Stone   5:57\nAnd then there's a.\n\nLukas Kawulok   6:06\nBut this is mainly because of the upgrade, right?\nAnd this is not finished.\nSo I think definitely for next August release and Prob also December when we will go also to Kubernetes most probably we need to follow the same principle then let's see maddfin to next two following major issues but not for patches.\nThis is my opinion.\nSorry, sorry.\n\nTerry Stone   6:29\nI agree that patches.\nI would hope that we send everybody out at the same time.\nI think those are pretty transparent, pretty low risk.\nI think the thing I concerned about is if we have these different tiers or waves and so you've got three waves. All the communication has to go out and be segmented out into these three different waves. And then if the 1st wave goes out and things aren't good.\nThen what's the cascade of communication that happens after that?\nSo now you have to figure out what to do with wave one, and then you have to quickly figure out.\nIf you're postpon wave two and wave three and the communicate app those customers and then when you do, do that.\nDo it. Do we keep pushing by a few days at a time and have several times, like there's no good answer? I guess if we have a release like we had in the last this last time around.\nBut that's my concern about having three different branches or three different waves releases.\nLots of communication to be done. Lots of moving parts with hosting.\nI think it's complicated because you have to move tranches.\n\nZain Master   7:26\nMm hmm mm.\n\nTerry Stone   7:29\nWe did that for production.\nWe didn't do that for the lower environments, but we should.\nSo if you're Zimmer and remove your production on a certain day, we should move your stage and dev and test everything else at the same day so that it's all in alignment. And we didn't do that.\nWe can't do that today.\nLots of lots of considerations on how to how to make all that work.\nI get the idea behind the waves, but it's there's a lot of management to be done there.\n\nZain Master   7:57\nSo from a communication standpoint, I know.\nLauren reached out to me and Steve and I'll be I was just about to kick off a message with you and about the communication aspect of thing and how we can get better.\nSo I'm gonna take that offline with Stephen and make sure that I have a plan that can be put in place and work with Stephen to make sure that we can do it properly. How we decide to delay releases or you know from the first waves outcomes.\nThings like that.\nSo, Terry, I'll take that on.\nWork on it.\nBounce it off this team again.\nBut outside of the communication aspect of things.\nYou mentioned Dev OPS is is a challenge.\nIs that a challenge that we can overcome or is that a challenge that's still going to exist and cause more issues in the long run?\n\nTerry Stone   8:52\nI think we can overcome it if we.\nSorry, I'm just taking through this.\nTo move people in waves, we're gonna have to have different gateways for each wave. For the lower environments, because it's the number of environments that we have there.\n\nZain Master   9:04\nMm hmm.\n\nTerry Stone   9:09\nWe're also gonna have to get hosting to make sure that DNS is routing everything to the appropriate place, because right now it's kind of a mess.\nIt's not well managed.\nAnd then we can move those waves one at a time.\nSo more infrastructure and more hosting.\nIt's a higher touch host to try to to manage it in waves, but it can be done.\n\nLukas Kawulok   9:33\nSo Terry, it follows that your proposal, which we also shared with Chitan right at the previous feature current, I think this should more about a screen that mass about about versioning, right?\n\nTerry Stone   9:46\nThat I think that'll help clarify for everybody. Kind of what what?\nWhat they're gonna get when they hit a URL?\nBut there's still this problem of migrating the tenant and not migrating other tenants.\nSo when wave one goes, if we swap their prod URL to point to the next release, that's great.\nGreat. We could do that. But we have to do it for that tenant and their lower environments and not the state, not the lower environments for the wave two and the wave 3 tenants.\nSo we have to separate out all the lower environments into three different waves and the prod environment into three different into three different waves. The prod environment we're managing with explicit rules in the gateway because we've got 50 tenants or so to manage and we have enough cap.\nIn rules in the gateway to manage that number of tenants, but you only get a limited number of routing rules. So if you want to manage the 300 lower tenant environments, we can't do that with one gateway.\nSo I think we would have to break that into multiple gateways and what makes sense to me is to have a wave 1 gateway, a wave 2 gateway, a wave 3 gateway.\nThen we can use wild cards to move everybody all at once.\nThat will be easier.\nIt just takes additional hosting costs to manage 3 gateways instead of 1.\n\nLukas Kawulok   11:01\nHmm.\n\nTerry Stone   11:03\nAnd we need to make sure that DNS routes everybody in the right wave to the right gateway. And today that's not, that's not audited at all, because if you go look at it, they're all over the place.\n\nLukas Kawulok   11:03\nYeah, we need.\nYeah, I agree.\n\nTerry Stone   11:22\nSo with with some support and infrastructure like if we were gonna do this as a go forward, we would create more formal structure around this org admin would understand who's in what wave and you could manage it that way. It would manage dynamal, it would manage routing rules.\nLike it would handle all of the heavy lifting so that we don't have to manually do anything, but that would take engineering effort to make sure that it does all that.\nI don't know what kind of appetite we have for taking that on an engineering, but I think that would be a way to.\nTo have a shot at keeping everything straight and then.\nWe would need some sort of hosting process to audit that and make sure that it's in order from time to time.\n\nZain Master   12:07\nSo who is the owner for this investigation?\nIf we do want to move it this way, Lukas doesn't come down to our product team or engineering team.\n\nLukas Kawulok   12:17\nCombination engineering and cloud OPS.\nYeah, so qintan.\n\nZain Master   12:20\nOK.\nSo I'm putting that down as an excellent Yup.\n\nLukas Kawulok   12:32\nYeah, but I am skeptical that all what Terry just said would be achievable in August.\nI think that clear previews future current edition have it also align in in.\nNon production environments produce, but making changes on. I think it's not that you're doing the August, but maybe we can step by step, right.\n\nZain Master   13:00\nAt least start stepping in the right direction, OK?\nAnything else on that topic, Terry, before I move on to the next one?\n\nTerry Stone   13:09\nDon't think so.\n\nZain Master   13:12\nLukesh what was the other question that you wanted to answer?\n\nLukas Kawulok   13:18\nThis time you had that conference page right with customers link to an environment and real checks from social center team that they were able to test this something what we didn't do in past. I think this is essential to be successful in future that we will repeat it.\nAnd there will be those 2-3 weeks for major release to to to test it for patches probably smaller.\nGroup. I think there's something what we need to do, but we need sign off that also solution center is willing to do the CAP capacity to to do it.\nAlso, we were able to see that ready Moravous team didn't have full knowledge about it, so there was also.\nNeeded help from social architect, consultants and from them we need to really show that they are available for us for each major release currently right?\n\nZain Master   14:11\nYeah. So really I'm just and Peter, this is something that I spoke to Peter Lougherman about in terms of how do we line up resources for testing.\nAgain, his suggestion.\nDo not shoot the messenger was that we could formally request the team.\nOne prior to a month prior to our release going into as a release candidate into the staging environments for specific customers.\nThat we come to you and say, look, this is when we plan to do this.\nThis is when the real scandal will be available.\nWhat is the level of commitment we have from you and team to start testing for these release candidates within specific environments?\nNow we don't have to, I think.\nIt's challenging for your team to test every customer, but at least we need to start identifying a set of customers that are either the most complex.\nThe most common that need to be part of a group for testing right? The new release candidate to see if anything is broken.\n\nPetr Klen   15:22\nYeah, if I can comment.\n\nZain Master   15:22\nI also understand one second, Sir.\nI also understand there is a level of automated testing that lives in TypeScript that your team is currently doing. If this is something that you want us to make as part of our testing with the automation frameworks we have, then this is something that Lukas we need to.\nConsider absorbing this so we can take some burden off.\nThe services organization, while you know they do this level of testing.\nThat is required for us to make sure that the releases kinda confidently gonna be accepted by those customers.\n\nLukas Kawulok   16:01\nThis time slot today morning.\nSo he's checking it.\nNot sure we answered but.\n\nRadim Moravec   16:09\nRight. But I wanted to to to say we want to start from this.\n\nPetr Klen   16:14\nI I can start there saying actually you were referring to your action #3 and then two action two is exactly when you said at the end. I can comment on action free.\nYes, at the moment.\nWe always need to reserve the resources in this, in this case QA engineers to be available for the testing of your new version.\nSo if we would take the August release as an example.\nYeah, you will need our resources, our QA resources, as you said, they had two weeks probably before the release date to be testing.\nOn the selected customers, as you said, more complex, etcetera.\n\nZain Master   16:58\nMm hmm mm hmm.\n\nPetr Klen   17:00\nI would say it should be booked more than 1 1/2 months in advance.\nI have checked this morning.\nYeah. What are the current bookings and many of the qa's are fully booked.\nUntil beginning of July, I would say it's time to book these resources for end of July testing at the beginning of May, let's say, yeah, otherwise we will have a problem.\nAnd once the resource is booked for certain project, we are not owning that custody then it is owned by the project manager and you or us will have to approach the project manager and ask could you release that person from your project and did for transfer will be.\nNo.\nBecause they need it here to deliver today customer.\n\nZain Master   17:41\nYeah.\n\nPetr Klen   17:44\nWe should do it now.\nActually, I'm in the bookings.\nIf there would be any hotfix released in a near time, I speculate here you will.\nGoing to, you will roll out some hotfix in two weeks.\nIt's actually a bit late to book the QA resources. If you want solution center resources to test on customer implementations. I can do my best to secure at least the remaining resource one of the Q as available.\nDuring mid of May.\nYeah, but this is all for action free.\nSo we should do it as a as a common practice.\nActually we can book the resources for your December release now.\nYeah, there is no need to wait.\nYou know when you will be releasing, you know that you will need that resources in November.\nDo it now.\n\nZain Master   18:35\nSo how do we I want to formalize the process and Stephen if you can capture this, that'd be great.\nHow do we reach out to who do we reach out to and what do we communicate to inform that we do need resources?\nAnd what if the answer is at the end of the day?\nNo, sorry. You don't have resources, right?\n\nPetr Klen   18:52\nMm hmm.\n\nZain Master   18:54\nBecause that could happen.\n\nPetr Klen   18:54\nMm hmm. Yeah, of course we had the overview of the current bookings.\nThe default process is, say, designed for project managers and technically engagement managers. And yeah, the question is how we will agree whether you will own the process or infest or you will ask rajeem or any of US managers from solution center to do bookings for you which we.\nCan actually.\nWe agreed this morning that for August I will request bookings of the resource.\nIs therefore end of July and I will check what is available in mid-May. So you have at least something. But you are right that we should formalize in sunrise how to process should look like. I don't know if you know yeah how we should bend the process.\nBend. Yeah, let us know.\nBut we can do it at the moment at the beginning so that we.\n\nZain Master   19:48\nLike is there an e-mail? Do I open a ticket in your queue?\n\nPetr Klen   19:51\nWe we open, we open a Jiri kit which is actually the request for resource booking coming to the PMO guys.\nYep, from professional services.\nAnd Erin or Mitu from professional services is processing that request, creating the actual bookings in open air, which is the system where we have all the booking recorded.\n\nZain Master   20:10\nOK.\nSo it's what I'm hearing is go ahead.\n\nRadim Moravec   20:10\nEither I don't know if there is any period, if there is any periods when you're starting this harvesting right, the stabilization time of the of the core of the release. So if there is any kick off like, I don't know meeting or announcement or whatever that in that.\nKickoff or initiate this creation of the JIRA ticket for our resource manager.\nProfessional services, then?\nWhoever do it.\nWe must agree, but this is the process that will work once the ticket is created on them, then we will secure the assignment of the particular people.\nThis is our our work, our part of work.\n\nZain Master   20:55\nSo is it just me sending a formal request over to Peter Yu and saying please help us with capacity bookings for August release in June, right? Two months before?\nNo. Now would you may.\n\nRadim Moravec   21:08\nI would maybe go in the way that you created ticket to our resource manager.\nAnd we will avoid, you know this e-mail.\nHey Peter, please do something, because for me it sounds more systematic way.\nJust create a ticket and research manager will take it over.\n\nZain Master   21:26\nSo can I get access to that?\n\nPetr Klen   21:26\nUh.\n\nZain Master   21:27\nAnd can I or me, Lukas, Renee, get access to that, please.\n\nPetr Klen   21:31\nI think you you you already have an access.\nYeah, in JIRA there is a project or PM or.\n\nRadim Moravec   21:34\nIt's jirab.\n\nZain Master   21:38\nDmor.\n\nPetr Klen   21:39\nYeah, yeah.\n\nLukas Kawulok   21:39\nAsk differently, can you wrote US short summary how to raise the ticket?\nMaybe in circumstance, patience, an e-mail.\n\nPetr Klen   21:46\nSure. Sure we can, yeah. And I think it's documented.\n\nZain Master   21:46\nYes, please.\n\nRadim Moravec   21:47\nYeah.\n\nPetr Klen   21:50\nRadim, I think they will also need to report showing them.\nYeah. Was the current allocation.\nYeah, what's capacity are left and can be booked.\nAnd Zain, you should know that it the bookings will be done against some even internal project and PMO will need to know how the project is funded actually.\n\nRadim Moravec   22:15\nIt's it's on us.\n\nZain Master   22:15\nDavid.\n\nPetr Klen   22:18\nIt's so nice.\n\nRadim Moravec   22:18\nMm.\n\nPetr Klen   22:18\nYeah, yeah, yeah.\nBut anyway, I think the project is already there.\n\nZain Master   22:20\nYeah.\n\nPetr Klen   22:23\nRanim I ask you in the morning and you were able to.\nSay, specify the project so we will describe it in a few buids.\nYeah, a little.\nThis how you can do it and you can do it yourself and people need to arrange and access for you.\nYeah, to be say, Overview report where you will see which of our QA engineers are available so that you know that.\nYeah, you don't need to ask for them because they are already gone.\n\nRadim Moravec   22:49\nYou know, they don't need to.\n\nZain Master   22:49\nAnd.\n\nRadim Moravec   22:52\nI don't think that you know, we can then reply them.\nHey, it's too late.\nWe don't have anyone, you know, but the exit they can have. I thought that's because they will not specify the particular person who will work on it. It's on us.\n\nPetr Klen   23:01\nYeah, but.\nSure, but if you want them to create the ticket, the request directly to PMO, we will not know about that.\n\nStephen Pack   23:18\nYeah, that's Zain. Isn't going to know who he needs. And and I don't think he really cares.\n\nPetr Klen   23:19\nSo.\nDave.\n\nStephen Pack   23:24\nIt's just, you know, he needs some QA to be done and how it gets done is flexible.\nSo would a would a project manager.\nHave that flexibility.\n\nPetr Klen   23:35\nWe will document it.\n\nRadim Moravec   23:35\nThe resource manager.\n\nPetr Klen   23:36\nMaybe we are wasting no time on the details.\n\nRadim Moravec   23:38\nYeah, let's document the process.\n\nPetr Klen   23:39\nYeah, people agree on the best way for you. And yeah, we will send it to you.\nYeah, it will be clarified in a few days.\n\nRadim Moravec   23:45\nAnd I think it will be bulletproven.\n\nZain Master   23:49\nOK so I have action item here that you Peter will write a ticket, a summary of notes for us when we need to open the ticket.\nThe idea then is you guys are internally managing it in terms of who or which project manager is running the show.\nSo question I have is when the release candidate is available and communicated internally to all teams, do I need to also then have a kickoff meeting or is that internally understood that I need to now?\nAllocate my time towards testing this with this set of customers and here's how I plan to update the team that testing has been completed or if there are issues, how do I raise these issues up to the product team?\nGetting into the nitty gritty details and communication and make sure that everything is working well.\n\nRadim Moravec   24:45\nSo you are now in the from the time period in the period of harvesting when the the actual testing is happening, right?\nI think that there should be some kind of check insurance, how it goes, the feedback board of course.\nStatus tracking. Where are we?\nWhat is the pass rate so far?\nWhat is the expected pass rate exit criteria defined?\nAnd then some kind of on the end decision?\nDecision board who say yes we go live or not.\nBased on these exit criteria, and I believe if we or our our, if we all are involved in this process.\nThen we cannot release anything which is which will be failed, right?\nSo that's, but I believe that that's the work like of the release manager.\n\nZain Master   25:29\nTo.\n\nRadim Moravec   25:34\nWho coordinate all this stuff across the across the products.\nBecause what we are describing and discussing now, it's not just the CPQ by the way, all the resources for example, bookings must go to VPP.\n\nZain Master   25:43\nYep, Yep.\n\nRadim Moravec   25:48\nEPS, for example, RCM.\n\nZain Master   25:52\nI'm looking at you, Stephen.\nIs this something that the team's gonna manage?\nBecause I don't know.\nWe don't have a release manager on CPQ, right?\nSo is this something that PMO is gonna handle where it's gonna formalize these processes of understanding which customers will be tested?\nWhat's the status holding these milestone meetings across the board to get updates from the team on their testing the escalations?\nThe thumbs up? Thumbs down.\nThe prioritization of these tickets.\n\nStephen Pack   26:25\nI mean if you want somebody who doesn't know anything about what's happening in CPQ product, sure.\nThat doesn't seem ideal.\n\nRene Gruszkowski   26:38\nYeah, like already this time around we've established processes where even hosting is looking in right and has their own checklist.\nSo I don't think that that's necessarily an issue. I think it's more difficult for us to oversee our own internal testing on CPQ core, right and then also oversee all the customizations because those are separate projects, they have separate implementations.\nIn lot of cases it's not even like.\nCpq ID and you know when when the project is is done?\nSo I think there should be some other person who overseas everything.\nI don't think it should be under under our ownership because we are not familiar with it.\n\nZain Master   27:28\nI'm saying it's PMO that leads some of this stuff, Stephen.\nSo you can be a third party.\nPerson that pulls the teams together and gets opinions from across the board.\n\nStephen Pack   27:43\nOK. I mean, if we're this is the problem, if we're directly working with you know solution Center QA, it's gonna be just like the war room where it's like, well, we don't know what testing needs to happen.\nI mean, you don't know.\nI don't know.\nWe're just like test something and tell us the testing is good. I have no idea.\nSo I mean, that'll be the depth of the PMO that you get is did you do some testing, did some testing OK.\nThe box is checked, so if that's sufficient.\n\nRadim Moravec   28:04\nWe need, we need to have a forum.\nYeah, we need to have a forum where the decision is made.\n\nZain Master   28:07\nYep.\n\nRadim Moravec   28:10\nAnd what is the exit criteria for this this decision?\n\nStephen Pack   28:16\nBut a forum is is the release.\nI mean it's it's in the release.\nPulse. It's in the it's in the GA readiness.\nSo yeah, there, there. This is part of the release criteria for CPQ is did solution center testing passed successfully and what does it look like so that that's that's where it's published. But in terms of who defines for the solution center, QA test XYZ do not test a.\n\nRadim Moravec   28:29\nSo.\nPerfect.\n\nStephen Pack   28:42\nYou know, deprioritize LMN.\nI'm not sure that me or neiveditha are are the ideal person to provide that input, but.\n\nRene Gruszkowski   28:52\nDid.\n\nLukas Kawulok   28:52\nBut it is not cooperation, right?\nSo we know from the release lock what feature will be released, right?\n\nRene Gruszkowski   28:55\nAnd then.\n\nLukas Kawulok   28:58\nAlso, from release notes that we know which bug fix we are releasing, so based on this and some startup smoke tests social set, the QS should be able to identify what should be tested right? So.\n\nStephen Pack   29:10\nYeah, as long as they aren't looking for that guidance to come.\nFor me, that's that's my concern. If, if, if, if I have a solution center QA asking me what customer do I test?\nWhat functionality do I test I'll say.\n\nRene Gruszkowski   29:21\nWell, there will be two things, right.\n\nStephen Pack   29:21\nAll of them.\n\nRene Gruszkowski   29:23\nOne is like general regression testing. For that, the social center will need to figure need to decide themselves.\nRight. Because often enough it's custom workflow. So even I don't know us and so does the first part general regression testing and the second part would be a based on I suppose our changes in core, right?\nSo we would provide a list with changes and the recommendations of what.\nSo there would be two parts, one of them coming from social center of the second part coming from us.\n\nPetr Klen   29:59\nYeah, I agree.\nYeah. Actually on our side, what we need to do as a homework is to select the customer implementations.\nWhich are more most complex?\nNext year has a certain specifics.\nThat's one thing we need to make sure that we have the list of say.\nStandard test cases for these implementations, which will have to be tested anytime, can be understood as a smoke testing and then based on the input from your side saying I'm in the list of changes in each CPQ release as.\nOur QA may decide to do some additional test cases here to make sure that the new changes will is not breaking anything for these customers.\nSo we need to formalize the process and we need also to be sure that we know the list of customers we would like to test every time.\n\nZain Master   30:54\nMm hmm.\nIf.\n\nStephen Pack   30:58\nYeah. So the place to define that is going to be in, you know, I mean at the gate of release tops or the beginning of the hardening phase.\n\nZain Master   30:59\nOK.\n\nStephen Pack   31:05\nThat's the time to have that definition and then monitor execution through that through that phase through that month.\n\nPetr Nesladek   31:14\nSorry did I.\n\nPetr Klen   31:14\nYes.\n\nPetr Nesladek   31:15\nSorry, did I jumping in?\nI see that.\nYeah, that's.\nThat yeah, sorry, that maybe I will add more.\nYou know, there is also a similar situation is with price point. I I thought that was already mentioned somehow here.\nThat would be great that we can, you know, have same same process for both.\nMakes sense?\n\nZain Master   31:39\nAnd that's why I think, you know, a kick off meeting in this is just my perspective guys. You can tell me I'm wrong or change it up. But I think the way I would formalize this process is the moment we have one first and foremost booking available tick.\nIs opened two months prior to a release date.\nThat release candidate will be available for the teams to test. The teams are then informed about core functionality changes that are coming up in that same ticket.\nThat are, you know, I think that would be what pulse two. Right, Stephen.\nSo we'd have a better idea of what's firmly making it into the product at the end of the release.\nSo at least this gives.\nSolution Center an idea of what they need to start thinking about from changes. Then when the release candidate is available, that's when we have a truly a kickoff meeting with solution center and core to then say OK.\nDo we have the list of customers and have this basic checklist? Do we?\nHave have we identified the list of customers we wanna test with?\nFor regression testing, have we have a list of customers of what we want to test? This new feature functionality with?\nWhat is the timeline?\nWhen will we know?\nHow will we communicate, right, if it needs another war room type chat to be available so that we can always communicate during the hardening period with core and solution center? I think it's also needs to be made available and then we just have.\nMeetings set up at DIFF and at frequencies like every other day or.\nAt the end of the week before, that's the cadence that needs to be decided. And then at the end of the day, you would we just come to a term that's saying yes, solution Center tested 80%.\nWe're feeling confident with the 80% that we tested.\nSo is our wonderful core side of the House feeling confident about the test or if it's something that's on the other side of the house where, Nope, we're finding a lot of bugs.\nMaybe we don't send a communication out two weeks or three weeks prior to a known release.\nAnd then try to control their communication going out and disappointing customers.\n\nRadim Moravec   33:47\nAnd we will definitely need also the common chat, because we need to distinguish. Is it the customization or is it not? I think that on the boardroom, we found that it was not always completely clear.\nSo some kind of, you know, small ballroom.\nI don't have to have three.\n\nZain Master   34:01\nOh, you don't want 70 people in there? 120 people.\n\nRadim Moravec   34:05\n500.\n\nZain Master   34:06\nYeah. And I think that's that.\n\nLukas Kawulok   34:06\nJust don't call it war room.\nBut annotation.\n\nZain Master   34:09\nYeah, I think.\nI think that's that's that's one of the lessons, right, which is like there were too many cooks in the kitchen at that particular point in time. And I got too distracted to the point where I wanted to mute those bloating notifications because it was feeling like PTSD to.\nMe.\nBut at the same time, that forum was very useful in escalating issues that needed to be identified by core. If it was a customization or not.\nOr by customization if it was a customization or core, right?\nSo that line of communication still needs to be available.\nWe don't need to call a war room.\nBut it needs to be there.\n\nRadim Moravec   34:46\nYes.\n\nStephen Pack   34:46\nBut you have to recognize.\n\nLukas Kawulok   34:46\nAnd we need to have, I think, better work here and have that middle area with support.\nI think this.\nWhich should help us to identify its core or back because for all of us, engineering work is probably the most costly.\nAnd something we want to protect.\nSo maybe in this evaluation and we have more time ahead, not in those crazy situations post deployment or during deployment stuff as it was right now have more support involved to help obvious analyzing to more protect software engineers as they have the project that commitments et cetera.\nSo.\n\nStephen Pack   35:25\nI want to specifically know how how it would be different and how it would not become 70 people.\nBecause every every single topic that came up there, it was always.\nIt was always directed down and outward to the person who knew just that little thing. It it seemed impossible for anything to flow through anybody in any centralized way. So.\nWhat what would be different if it were done again?\nWould we not get result, you know, results from individual QA would be not needed to go to every?\nSingle services person working on different projects and and why?\n\nTerry Stone   36:02\nI think we wouldn't have to go to all those individuals if we had a good understanding of how to use each implementation.\nSo when the next release comes out, GAF needs to be tested. If we have an understanding of how GAF implemented cpqo, what the paths are to test GAF for CPQ, then we have a test plan we could run through it.\nWe could verify that it's working as expected.\nWe wouldn't have to start asking each other. Hey, who did Gaf? Was that?\nWas that this person or that person and try to find him and ask them to start testing?\nAd hoc like we would have a plan to place, we would know what to do.\nI think from a solutions standard perspective from release to release, we don't care what the new features are. We just need to know what that particular implementation does and make sure that it still does what it was supposed to do.\nBut we don't have that documented anywhere, so we don't have a way to go test GAF or Zimmer or anybody.\nWe don't have that knowledge.\nIt's just in people's brains and I think that we have all those brains on that chat because that's where the knowledge lives. If it lives somewhere uniform.\nAnd we would have steps to take where we wouldn't have to involve everybody.\n\nStephen Pack   37:08\nRight. Would any of that be different for this flow? I mean, if if Zain puts in a JIRA ticket next next week for the August release, will he have everybody from every project booked?\n\nZain Master   37:19\nWell, I think that's where that. That's where we.\n\nStephen Pack   37:20\nZain. We see her. See her screen.\n\nLukas Kawulok   37:23\nAny video or private e-mail?\n\nZain Master   37:24\nOh.\nYeah, sorry.\n\nRadim Moravec   37:27\nYou need help with anything.\n\nZain Master   37:28\nA lot, actually.\nTell my wife to stop bugging me about buying a house.\nSo yes, that would be one if anybody knows ideas about that one, let me know.\nBut in the end of the day, right when we look at.\nSome of this work. It is being still very reactive to the release. What I think we need to do is start to think about it proactively as well, right?\nSo that's where idea number. You know, I think invite SC resources into demo meetings to keep loop of the customization work that's coming down the line.\nSo how do we do that?\nHow do we encourage that to be?\nProactive participation from the solution center team.\nSo this is something that's fore thought.\nAt not hindsight.\n\nRadim Moravec   38:22\nBookings.\n\nZain Master   38:24\nNo, no. This is different than bookings, right?\nSo that's where I'm trying to see every Sprint at the end of every sprints within the agile framework that we have. We are giving people an understanding of what was worked on, what's about to be released and included in the release, right?\nAnd so if we had, for example, the opportunity to explain to the solution center team like hey, within the API authorization API, we've changed the order of operations.\nOf how the tokens get accepted. This is something, then that solution center could ask us in that meeting or inquire more about and go hey, I saw you change this order. This is not how we work.\nOh ****. We need to think about something on our end.\nOr actually can you not change that order because it's going to impact the authorization for every customer we have implemented for at this moment in time.\nRight. So that's where we we start to collaborate a little bit more and not only include the input of solution center into core development, but then also expand some of the core development changes.\nKnowledge within Solution Center as well.\n\nLukas Kawulok   39:37\nI think this is about sharing recording of the demo because I can't imagine that every second week we are ending Sprint for price point, RCM, CPQ EPP and then have a meeting or for afternoons just fully booked for those demo live demos and showing it would be very.\nChallenge to coordinate and have all people that are solution architect. So we need to be probably better in have one place for recording sending announcement hey.\nResult of work of those two team is there when you will have time.\nPlease watch it.\nSend us feedback here in this format. Happy to download anything.\n\nZain Master   40:18\nI love the idea.\nI don't think we're there from a discipline perspective just yet.\nThis is where there is that saying where we have to slow down to speed up.\nThis is the opportunity and point in time where we do need to slow down, to have participation across the board, live in person.\nI have 17 recordings I need to watch.\nI have maybe watched three of them because I just don't have the time.\nRight. So.\n\nLukas Kawulok   40:44\nYeah, but it is not finding it.\nHave additional meetings in your gandhar is not saving. Your problem is the time right?\n\nZain Master   40:54\nThis is the balance that we need to get to because and that's what I'm saying. We as a company, I feel and I'm gonna start touting this message all the way up the board as well that we do need to slow down in order to speed up because.\nThe way we're moving, the way we're pacing, it's creating more chaos than than order.\n\nLukas Kawulok   41:11\nYeah, another an additional challenge is time zones, right?\nWe have Dev OPS teams India.\nWe have architects in West Coast, if I'm not mistaken, right?\nSo very challenging.\n\nZain Master   41:23\nDo we?\n\nLukas Kawulok   41:26\nTo I don't know where.\nChase Howard and all those guys are sitting.\n\nZain Master   41:27\nI thought most.\n\nLukas Kawulok   41:36\nSo we are really cross watch, right and.\nChallenging too.\nFind some regular time slot for almost how will the company or I will be very very interesting to just try to calculate how many people would be there, yeah.\n\nZain Master   41:56\nOK, if the way is to have recordings in place and have them viewed by the the solution center, then the responsibly redeem Peter falls on the team to do that right? And is it gonna get done or is this something that's gonna be missed? Again, that's that's the.\nThat that becomes a part of the discipline.\n\nPetr Klen   42:21\nI have concerns about that. Yeah, because you can imagine those guys from solution center are fully engaged working for the current projects, current customers and now in fact we will force them every two weeks if it is quite often to spend how many hours watching the recordings or.\n\nZain Master   42:27\nIzzy. Yep.\n\nPetr Klen   42:40\nJoining your demo sessions, they need to switch and think about the old customers and their implementation, whether it would.\nImpact them.\nYeah, I mean the changes UI implied.\nAnything.\nUh, and that that.\n\nZain Master   42:54\nSo usually in this case where we've had it is in my past companies where some of these similar situations have occurred is we used to identify train the trainer model.\nAre you familiar with train the trainer?\nRight, so who is the one individual that we can identify from the solution center organization that we impart information to and that is the one person that then is responsible for disseminating that information down to the lower teams.\nI understand.\nYou can't have everybody attend.\nThat would be ridiculous, and I'm not asking for that.\nI'm asking for a sole person to be responsible to intake of that knowledge and then share it within the organization in a format or in a meeting.\nThat you internally have were, you know, it's your internal meetings, by the way, CPQ is working on this.\nThey're making these changes. Here's the recording.\nHere's what I saw.\nHere's the summary notes we have.\n\nPetr Klen   43:50\nIt would have to be.\n\nZain Master   43:50\nAll of that, that.\n\nPetr Klen   43:53\nYeah. Yeah, we can say brainstorm over that concept.\nBut it would mean that we will have to have a person who is able to filter out the changes which will not be affecting. Yeah, the former implementations, just to deliver the message on the changes which are suspicious, which are clearly affecting that.\nAnd yeah, Radim, I think I know the only person on our side who will be able to do that for us.\nCpq and this is petrol for month and even petrol is not a very about all the implementations.\nYeah. We have about 50 customers, you know, on CPQ and each implementation is slightly different.\n\nTerry Stone   44:38\nCan I?\nCan I jump in here for a second?\nSo I think that the idea of having folks participate in every Sprint might be overkill. If you look at release to release the number of features that get put into CPQ that you would demo to show the the team as a whole, I think there are going to be.\n\nZain Master   44:40\nYeah.\n\nPetr Klen   44:46\nYes.\n\nTerry Stone   44:55\nA couple features there are going to be a ton of sprints that are just behind the scenes technical backlog kind of stuff that nobody needs to know about because not externally.\nFacing like you don't see it.\nThere's no feature, there's no.\nThing that that's gonna connect to. It seems like the right cadence for this kind of communication might be 1 release.\nSo we just started to Sprint or we just started release in August.\nThere's a great opportunity there to have a release demo internally.\nInvite the world.\nLet everybody see what's going on, CPQ.\nIt's a one hour commitment from everybody.\nIt's not every couple weeks somebody has to check in, and then we're gonna see what the new features are that are coming into CPQ. That would be a great time to kick off the thing of, OK. So how?\nWho's gonna be impacted by these new features, if anybody?\nDo we think?\nAnd then we're gonna have some sort of solution center regression testing across all customers before the release goes out the door, right?\nSo we don't have to have this be in every Sprint check in because there's probably nothing that's demoable every Sprint.\n\nZain Master   45:54\nMy concern is that if there's something that's found at the end of that, you know, say we do the August testing kick off. If we're calling in that the meeting where we now demo to the entire world.\n\nPetr Klen   45:54\nBut.\n\nZain Master   46:06\nIncluding solution center here. The changes that we're bringing into the product. If there are impacts and changes that need to be made is the solution center then able to quickly modify implementations.\nI'm guessing no because you guys need your own level of lead time as well in order to make any changes that we may have made.\nOn core that are incompatible with changes that exist.\n\nTerry Stone   46:29\nWell, but there shouldn't be any like we should be regression proof if there's a problem with an implementation based on core core has made a mistake and needs to change. We don't change the implementation.\nI don't think unless there's a really compelling reason why we don't want to support something that we supported previously.\n\nStephen Pack   46:46\nYeah. We're not talking about booking any engineers to to actually make any changes.\nWe're just talking about testing.\nAnd and there is there is supposed to be coordinated with the June Pulse a an overall demo this this round which we did not have in previous releases. That was something Gloria wanted to add to this release, so that that should provide that. But you know it's an.\n\nZain Master   47:03\nOK.\n\nStephen Pack   47:08\nEarly look at the right level.\nOf what's happening in terms of who it goes to, obviously like, you know, redeems in the product Council. So he'd be in that.\nYou know, getting that message out to the team, whether that's through recording or or through, you know the the demo being available to everybody, which it will be either way that can work. So in terms of getting information and starting to make conclusions about what's impacting that, that.\nInformation's there at the right level, not too, too ridiculously overwhelming.\nAt at the right time.\n\nZain Master   47:40\nThat's good to know.\nAt least, OK.\nAt least we're doing a demo at Pulse 2, so that sounds like OK.\nAlright, I will give up on that task.\nThanks for helping me understand.\nSee I'm I can change my mind.\nIt's OK.\nYou convince me the right way.\nAll right.\n\nLukas Kawulok   47:56\nIf I somehow ask if I got it right, so there will be free levels of demo on tools one, tools two and and release right fill levels continuously, how we are progressing?\n\nZain Master   47:58\nYes.\n\nStephen Pack   48:09\nNo, the only the only demo that was added was at Pulse 2.\n\nZain Master   48:10\nNo.\nYep.\n\nLukas Kawulok   48:13\nOK, on to.\n\nStephen Pack   48:14\nIt's it's. Yeah, it's.\nI mean, it's not on.\nYou know it's it's coordinated with pulse two in June is the. Yeah. Just just one time thing.\nSo nothing else is different. Yep, sorry.\n\nLukas Kawulok   48:23\nAnd and then when everything is finalized.\n\nZain Master   48:29\nThat would be the August kickoff.\n\nStephen Pack   48:30\nThere's no.\nRight. Well, the, I mean, the August kickoff has already happened. There's.\n\nLukas Kawulok   48:33\nOK.\n\nZain Master   48:37\nNo, no, I mean the, the, the, sorry the Steven not to confuse you with the August kick off the August kickoff that I'm referring to is the August kickoff with the solution center and CPQ core to start talking to get the release to OPS meeting, right.\n\nStephen Pack   48:50\nYeah, really stops.\nYeah, the beginning of hardening phase is this one.\n\nZain Master   48:53\nYep, Yep.\n\nStephen Pack   48:54\nYeah, but there's there's no official demo here, I mean.\nYep.\n\nZain Master   48:58\nAnd I think the ask here is to make it an official demo to include everything in there.\n\nLukas Kawulok   48:59\nWe will.\nYeah, because on polls to the check doesn't need to be everything finalized so.\n\nZain Master   49:05\nOf what has been released.\n\nLukas Kawulok   49:12\nAll those not finalized stop on tools. Do we need to demo on the restore right?\n\nZain Master   49:18\nI would ask Stephen to see if Gloria would be amendment open to amending release to OPS with also a demo, because that will probably be inclusive of hopefully everything that was committed to Impulse 2 and beyond, because pulse two may just be half the work that's been comple.\nRight.\n\nStephen Pack   49:38\nYeah, yeah. Pulse two is obviously going to be work in progress, but the idea is to give the the early early view, but still real to to downstream, to marketing and to to everybody else.\n\nZain Master   49:41\nYep.\n\nStephen Pack   49:50\nThe the delta between these two should be not huge in terms of what's expected in scope.\nSo yeah, I mean, because the other thing is is doing demos here are gonna be duplicative of like the guide, you know, the guides that like, you know, Chuy's gonna be asking everybody to make.\nI mean those are essentially demo creations.\n\nLukas Kawulok   50:13\nYeah. Then then we need to check if this is also distributed to the social Architect Ocean Center.\nThe Gzel towns, those those recording or it goes just marketing sales where every that goes right.\n\nStephen Pack   50:26\nThis, sorry this this demo should be for everybody if that's if that's the one you're asking about the the the. Yeah, all the product experience stuff.\n\nZain Master   50:27\nYeah, guy.\nYeah.\n\nLukas Kawulok   50:31\nNo, that last one release to.\n\nStephen Pack   50:35\nYeah, I mean that.\nThat should be, yeah.\nI mean used and reused as much as it could be.\n\nZain Master   50:37\n****.\nThe guide videos tend to be a little bit more market facing and user facing.\nI don't know if those would be the same level of detail that solution center is looking for, right?\n\nStephen Pack   50:54\nI don't.\nI mean it covers the functionality and how to use it.\nYeah. I mean, if I'm, I'm not sure that.\nA.\nA month month level demo is going to be much deeper either though.\nThat's the thing.\nI mean, they're not going to go into implementation specifics.\nIt's going to it's going to be.\nA.\nYou know widely.\n\nZain Master   51:11\nCustomer facing specific.\n\nStephen Pack   51:13\nA widely relevant message.\nI mean, So what is the CSM interested in?\nWhat is, you know, marketing sales, people like that interested in.\nSo yeah, if it needs to be tremendously technically deeper, I'm not sure that's you're gonna get that at the at the pulse demo either.\n\nZain Master   51:30\nOK.\nAlright, I think we've beaten this to a dead horse action #4 generate and store output for integrations prior to every release to compare.\nSo if you were able to read the details in the meeting, the the e-mail that I attached here and the notes that I had from there, that comes down to I believe the solution center.\nSo the ask here is to have an output of whatever you're about to.\nIs an outbound.\nEither a data dump or a communication to a third party system.\nOn the customer side to then validate and be able to see.\nHas it changed right from the July from the April release to the August release? If it has changed somewhere along the way, then is definitely a core problem. If it has not changed from beyond that touchpoint out to a third party system, then it happens to either be.\nA configuration a mapping, a customization, or a problem that is lying on the customer side.\nRight. So that we reduce this level of noise that's created when we find out something on the customer side is not eventually working.\nI don't think we do this today.\nIf we do, please let me know. But as per Peter, I don't think we do this today.\n\nRadim Moravec   53:05\nYou're saying then probably not.\n\nZain Master   53:09\nSo how do we make this happen, right?\nHow do we start to track these?\nBecause I don't know the implementations where solution center is building data packages or outbound activities for which specific customer right?\nSo that's, that's the where my level of familiarity stops. Solution Center is aware of these integrations.\nAnd is can solution center start with this release?\nIdentify what's the output for 25 dot one or two, whatever patch release we get to and then compare it to. Then the next release version to see. Hey. Yep, we did our due diligence.\nWe do have a capture of what the Jason packet was maybe.\nHere's what it looked like prior to the new build. The release candidate come into play now. This is what it looks like. Cool. We're good.\nNothing's broken here.\nNothing to see. Move on.\n\nRadim Moravec   54:16\nFrom the integration perspective you mean?\n\nStephen Pack   54:21\nAre you just talking about API?\nLike API level.\nOh boy. OK.\n\nRadim Moravec   54:31\nSo does the.\n\nPetr Klen   54:32\nI'm just.\n\nRadim Moravec   54:35\nI think that is the discussion that we initiated with.\n\nPetr Klen   54:35\nSorry.\n\nRadim Moravec   54:39\nWhat is his name? OK.\nSecurity guy.\n\nLukas Kawulok   54:45\nA little bit different topic I think in this case.\nWould be great if you can return to Peter Loffelmann and try some proof of concept, then see if this is something worth we can we you whatever can do it in future and like this idea what needs to be definitely proof that it is suitable what you mention.\nThis security guy with Nalin because.\nWhat we noticed during this testing period for for CPQ is that.\nOur connections to connectors usually sometimes usually disappear right after project ends.\nPlease correct me if I'm wrong.\nSo and if we have some access to customer connectors then it is based on some some specific name specific account.\nSo it's for example some other resources want to connect to connectors.\nSometimes they need to wait 5-6 hours before.\nSome call will start or some social architect let him.\nLet him go.\nBecause there is also two factor authentication.\nSo this is definitely Dell and also this testing which we were doing there was big weak point it was that connectors, 2 S, four DSR and others.\nSo we need to improve how we are managing those accesses to to collectors. So This is why we contacted Nalin if we can help pass this out, secret tooling will be better for managing those staff also for two factor authentications.\nAnd this can.\nHopefully also help to our customers to give, give them better confidence that hey, this is vendavo common account. We are managing it.\nWe are these two.\nPlease do not remove our accesses.\nAfter well when project is done because it's potential, we will need it during irrigation testing and we will not need it in future for some potential bug fixing.\nSo this is also one things which we need to improve to be sure that our collectors are working.\nSorry for long speech.\n\nZain Master   56:51\nAnd I think and I think related to that is also we internally CPQ side of the House need to add API performance testing as part of the scope of the test, right.\nSo if we're just talking specific APIs and integrations, those are the three big activities that we need to do one identify, Yep, APIs working on our end.\nIt is performing as expected or better, hopefully not worse.\nThen that builds confidence for you and team on the solution side of the House.\nOK, APIs are working now.\nLet's look at the API output.\nHas that output changed before it's handed over to the customers?\n****, it changed.\nOr no, it didn't change what we need to now find out what's happening on the customer side of the house.\nDo we have the logins to necessarily go in and investigate on the customer side of the House?\n\nLukas Kawulok   57:43\nGo. Sorry, definitely.\nThen we need to return to the performance testing.\nWe need to plan it to our road map to have it fully done.\nThank you guys.\n\nZain Master   57:50\nSo I don't think we got through all of this.\nI will schedule another one to make sure that we get to all of this.\n\nRadim Moravec   57:56\nGood. Thank you.\n\nLukas Kawulok   57:56\nThanks, bye.\n\nZain Master   57:56\nThanks. I'll share notes from today's meeting.\n\nPetr Klen   57:59\nThank you.\n\nLukas Kawulok   58:00\nThanks.\n\nTerry Stone   58:01\nBye. See you guys.\n\nPetr Klen   58:01\nBye.\n\nZain Master stopped transcription": null}